Add zio-http adapter without dependency on Tapir (a.k.a. `QuickAdapter`) (#1998)
ghostdogpr/caliban: vuepress/docs/docs/adapters.md

Once you have an interpreter able to execute GraphQL queries, you usually want to expose it using an HTTP API.
Caliban comes with a few "ready-to-use" components (called "adapters") to expose your API with the most popular HTTP libraries.

::: tip `QuickAdapter`
Starting with v2.4.3, Caliban provides the opinionated [QuickAdapter](adapters.md#high-performance-quickadapter)
that favours ease-of-use and performance at the expense of customizability.

> If you don't mind using `zio-http` as the server implementation, make sure to check it out!

Reviewer: How about instead "If you want the best possible performance, make sure to check it out!"

The main differences between these and the methods from the built-in adapters is that they return one or several tapir `ServerEndpoint`,
which you can then pass to a tapir interpreter. The returned `ServerEndpoint` use `RIO[R, *]` as an effect type, but you can easily transform it to another effect type. A helper `convertHttpEndpointToFuture` allows converting the effect type to a scala `Future` (this is used in the Akka, Pekko, and Play interpreters).

## High-performance `QuickAdapter`

The `QuickAdapter` requires minimal setup and uses [zio-http](https://github.com/zio/zio-http) 
and [jsoniter-scala](https://github.com/plokhotnyuk/jsoniter-scala) without tapir in order to provide the best possible performance.

### Usage

In order to use it, just add the following to your `build.sbt` file (no other dependencies required!):

```scala
libraryDependencies += "com.github.ghostdogpr" %% "caliban-quick" % "1.4.3"
```

By adding `import caliban.quick._`, we expose a few convenient extension methods on our `GraphQL` api. 

> e.g., we can serve our GraphQL api with minimal setup via a single command: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, we can serve our GraphQL api with minimal setup via a single command: 
```
